Remove validation step for HTTPS JWT URLs, allowing HTTP URLs as well (#418)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/api-rule-cr.md

|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **spec.rules.accessStrategies.config**                                    | **YES**   | Access strategy configuration, must contain at least authentication or authorization.                                                                                     |
| **spec.rules.accessStrategies.config.authentications**                    | **YES**   | List of authentication objects.                                                                                                                                           |
| **spec.rules.accessStrategies.config.authentications.issuer**             | **YES**   | Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. <br/>Must be an URL, please consider using HTTPS endpoints only, however HTTP is also allowed.                                 |

> | **spec.rules.accessStrategies.config.authentications.jwksUri**            | **YES**   | URL of the provider’s public key set to validate the signature of the JWT. <br/>Must be an URL, please consider using HTTPS endpoints only, however HTTP is also allowed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.rules.accessStrategies.config.authentications.jwksUri**            | **YES**   | URL of the provider’s public key set to validate the signature of the JWT. <br/>The value must be an URL. Although HTTP is allowed, it is recommended that you use only HTTPS endpoints.    |
```
